Update erc721 docs (#763)
OpenZeppelin/cairo-contracts: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/api/erc721.adoc

--

[.contract-index]
.Internal Functions
--
.InternalImpl
* xref:#ERC721-initializer[`++initializer(self, name_, symbol_)++`]
* xref:#ERC721-_owner_of[`++_owner_of(self, token_id)++`]
* xref:#ERC721-_exists[`++_exists(self, token_id)++`]
* xref:#ERC721-_is_approved_or_owner[`++_is_approved_or_owner(self, spender, token_id)++`]
* xref:#ERC721-_approve[`++_approve(self, to, token_id)++`]
* xref:#ERC721-_set_approval_for_all[`++_set_approval_for_all(self, owner, operator, approved)++`]
* xref:#ERC721-_mint[`++_mint(self, to, token_id)++`]
* xref:#ERC721-_transfer[`++_transfer(self, from, to, token_id)++`]
* xref:#ERC721-_burn[`++_burn(self, token_id)++`]
* xref:#ERC721-_safe_mint[`++_safe_mint(self, to, token_id, data)++`]
* xref:#ERC721-_safe_transfer[`++_safe_transfer(self, from, to, token_id, data)++`]
* xref:#ERC721-_set_token_uri[`++_set_token_uri(self, token_id, token_uri)++`]
--

[.contract-index]
.Events
--
.IERC721
* xref:#IERC721-Approval[`++Approval(owner, approved, token_id)++`]
* xref:#IERC721-ApprovalForAll[`++ApprovalForAll(owner, operator, approved)++`]
* xref:#IERC721-Transfer[`++Transfer(from, to, token_id)++`]
--

> ==== External functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Embeddable functions
```

= ERC721

Reference of interfaces, presets, and utilities related to ERC721 contracts.

TIP: For an overview of ERC721, read our xref:erc721.adoc[ERC721 guide].

== Core

[.contract]
[[IERC721]]
=== `++IERC721++` link:https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/cairo-contracts/blob/cairo-2/src/token/erc721/interface.cairo#L13-L31[{github-icon},role=heading-link]

[.hljs-theme-dark]
```javascript
use openzeppelin::token::erc721::interface::IERC721;
```
Interface of the IERC721 standard as defined in {eip721}.

[.contract-index]
.{inner-src5}
--
0x33eb2f84c309543403fd69f0d0f363781ef06ef6faeb0131ff16ea3175bd943
--

[.contract-index]
.Functions
--
* xref:#IERC721-balance_of[`++balance_of(account)++`]
* xref:#IERC721-owner_of[`++owner_of(token_id)++`]
* xref:#IERC721-safe_transfer_from[`++safe_transfer_from(from, to, token_id, data)++`]
* xref:#IERC721-transfer_from[`++transfer_from(from, to, token_id)++`]
* xref:#IERC721-approve[`++approve(to, token_id)++`]
* xref:#IERC721-set_approval_for_all[`++set_approval_for_all(operator, approved)++`]
* xref:#IERC721-get_approved[`++get_approved(token_id)++`]
* xref:#IERC721-is_approved_for_all[`++is_approved_for_all(owner, operator)++`]

.ISRC5

> * xref:/api/introspection.adoc#ISRC5-supports_interface[`++supports_interface(interface_id)++`]

Reviewer 2: this is not actually part of the `IERC721` trait

Internal function that returns whether `spender` is allowed to manage `token_id`.

Requirements:

- `token_id` exists.

[.contract-item]
[[ERC721-_approve]]
==== `[.contract-item-name]#++_approve++#++(ref self: ContractState, to: ContractAddress, token_id: u256)++` [.item-kind]#internal#

Internal function that changes or reaffirms the approved address for an NFT.

Emits an <<IERC721-Approval,Approval>> event.

Requirements:

- `token_id` exists.
- `to` is not the current token owner.

[.contract-item]
[[ERC721-_set_approval_for_all]]
==== `[.contract-item-name]#++_set_approval_for_all++#++(ref self: ContractState, owner: ContractAddress, operator: ContractAddress, approved: bool)++` [.item-kind]#internal#

Internal function that enables or disables approval for `operator` to manage all of the
`owner` assets.

Emits an <<IERC721-Approval,Approval>> event.

Requirements:

- `operator` cannot be the caller.

[.contract-item]
[[ERC721-_mint]]
==== `[.contract-item-name]#++_mint++#++(ref self: ContractState, to: ContractAddress, token_id: u256)++` [.item-kind]#internal#

> WARNING: Usage of this method is discouraged, use <<IERC721-_safe_mint,_safe_mint>> whenever possible.

Reviewer 2: same as in the ERC721 PR, why is this discouraged? they're different with their tradeoffs, imo none is inherently more secure than the other

Author: Valid point, will update

See <<IERC721-get_approved,IERC721::get_approved>>.

Requirements:

- `token_id` exists.

[.contract-item]
[[ERC721-is_approved_for_all]]
==== `[.contract-item-name]#++is_approved_for_all++#++(self: @ContractState, owner: ContractAddress, operator: ContractAddress) -> bool++` [.item-kind]#external#

See <<IERC721-is_approved_for_all,IERC721::is_approved_for_all>>.

[.contract-item]
[[ERC721-name]]
==== `[.contract-item-name]#++name++#++(self: @ContractState) -> felt252++` [.item-kind]#external#

See <<IERC721Metadata-name,IERC721Metadata::name>>.

[.contract-item]
[[ERC721-symbol]]
==== `[.contract-item-name]#++symbol++#++(self: @ContractState) -> felt252++` [.item-kind]#external#

See <<IERC721Metadata-symbol,IERC721Metadata::symbol>>.

[.contract-item]
[[ERC721-token_uri]]
==== `[.contract-item-name]#++token_uri++#++(self: @ContractState, token_id: u256) -> felt252++` [.item-kind]#external#

See <<IERC721Metadata-token_uri,IERC721Metadata::token_uri>>.

[.contract-item]
[[ERC721-balanceOf]]
==== `[.contract-item-name]#++balanceOf++#++(self: @ContractState, account: ContractAddress) -> u256++` [.item-kind]#external#

See <<IERC721-balance_of,IERC721::balance_of>>.

> Supports the Cairo v0 convention of writing external methods in camelCase as discussed {casing-discussion}.

Reviewer: I don't think there's much value in repeating this on every camelCase method. I vote for removing them.

use openzeppelin::token::erc721::interface::IERC721Receiver;
```

> Interface for any contract that wants to support safe token transfers from ERC721 asset contracts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Interface for contracts that support receiving `safe_transfer_from` transfers.
```
